1.1 What is a requirements document?
The requirements document of a software development project is a precise specification of what the
software should do.

1.2 What is the difference between the design stage and the implementation stage in the development of software?
In the development of software, the design stage identifies the components (classes) to be used and the
relationships among them. The implementation stage is where the computer progam code is actually
written.
1.3 What is the difference between the state and the behavior of a class?
The state of a class consists of the values of its fields. The behavior of a class is defined by its methods
1.4 What is an abstract data type?
An abstract data type is a specification of the type’s operations: what an instance of that type can do.
1.5 What constitutes a Java program?
A Java program is a Java class with a main() method? The main() method must have this header:
public static void main(String[] args)
1.6 What kinds of members can a class have?
A class member may be a field, a constructor, a method, a nested class, a nested interface, or an enum
type.
1.7 What is an implicit argument?
The implicit argument of a method is the object to which the method invocation is bound
1.8 What is the purpose of the toString() method?
The toString() method returns a String object that represents the state of its implicit argument
1.9 What is the purpose of the equals() method?
The equals() method returns true if and only if states (contents) of its implicit and explicit arguments
are the same.
1.10 What's the difference among public, protected, and private?
A class member that is declared public is accessible from any other class. A class member that is
declared protected is accessible only from its own class and subclasses (extensions). A class member that is declared private is accessible only from it
1.11 What is a package?
A package is a namespace, that is, a name for a group of classes, interfaces, and enum types that can be
used to distinguish those from other classes, interfaces, and enum types with the same name.
1.12 What is the difference between an abstract class and an abstract data type?
An abstract class is a Java class with at least one abstract method—a method that has no body. An
abstract data type is a specification of a type’s operations that could be implemented in any object-oriented programming language.
1.13 What is the difference between a constructor and a method?
1.14 What is the difference between a class method and an instance method?
A class method is declared static and is invoked using the class name. For example,
double y = Math.abs(x);
invokes the class method abs() that is defined in the Math class. An instance method is declared without the static modifier and is invoked using the name of the object to which i
double x = random.nextDouble();
invokes the class method nextDouble() that is defined in the Random class and is bound to the object
random which is an instance of that class.
1.15 What is the difference between equality of objects and equality of the references that refer to
them?
1.16 Explain the difference between the output from
String s;
System.out.println("s = " + s);
and the output from
String s = new String();
System.out.println("s = " + s);
1.17 What is the purpose of declaring a field private and declaring a mutator method that allows
the public to change it. Wouldn’t it be just as good to just make it public?
1.18 What is an enum type?
1.19 What is the difference between composition and aggregation?
1.20 What is polymorphism?
